HPE ProLiant Compute DL110
Gen12
What's new
- Intel® Xeon® 6 SoC processors with
Intel® vRAN Boost
- HPE DDR5 Smart Memory 6400 MT/s
- Intel® Advanced Matrix Extensions
(AMX) in every core delivers up to
3.2x increase in RAN AI Perf/core[1]
- HPE iLO 7
- M.2 Digital Phase-Locked Loop (DPLL)
timing module and M.2 Global
Navigation Satellite System (GNSS)
Overview
Are you ready for the 6G future and edge AI?
Customized for edge applications requiring high bandwidth and low latency
such as vRAN, and the 6G future, the HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12 is
based on open, standards-compliant infrastructure and offers dense I/O
capabilities with PCIe Gen5 speed, acceleration, and powerful compute
driven by Intel® Xeon® 6 SoC processors. HPE ProLiant Compute DL110
Gen12 reduced footprint features a compact, short-depth, 1U/1P front-
accessible chassis ruggedized with NEBS Level 3 compliance for harsh
environments. Delivering the trusted HPE ProLiant experience with
embedded HPE Integrated Lights-Out (iLO) management and security
through HPE silicon root of trust, the HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12 is
ready for communication service provider's 5G edge deployments.
Features
Purpose-built for Telco
NEBS L3 compliance ensures equipment operability and reliability in harsh edge environments.
Front-cabled, short-depth design fits macro-RAN sites.
Performance
Massive front-end bandwidth of 500 Gbps optimizes Open Radio Unit (O-RU) density to support demand for
growing traffic capacity.
Data sheet
Intel® Xeon® 6 SoC processors with Intel® vRAN Boost, deliver up to 2.4x increase in RAN capacity.[2]
Intel® Advanced Matrix Extensions (AMX) in every core delivers up to 3.2x increase in RAN AI perf/core.
NVIDIA® L4 option is available for additional AI use cases.
Secure
Secure enclave is an independent security processor for multi-layered protection within the HPE iLO 7.
Top-tier security with the first industry standard servers to support FIPS 140-3 Level 3 certification, providing
compliance with the most stringent regulations.
Supports NIST and CNSA 2.0 quantum resistance requirement with secure firmware signing against future
quantum computing attacks.
HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12 | 2
Technical specifications HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12
Processor type Intel
Processor family Intel® Xeon® 6 SoC processors
Processor core available 40 core
Processor cache 160 MB
Processor number 1
Processor speed 2.5 GHz
Maximum memory 512 GB with 128 GB DDR5
Memory slots 4 DIMM slots
Memory type HPE DDR5 Smart Memory
Drive supported Up to 2 M.2 NVMe SSD with Software RAID solution
Security UEFI Secure Boot and Secure Start support.
Intel® Software Guard Extensions (SGX) support.
Immutable Silicon Root of Trust.
Optional Trusted Supply Chain, iLO Security modes, Chassis Intrusion detection and
Bezel Locking kits.
For full security features refer to the QuickSpecs.
Infrastructure management Included - HPE iLO7 Standard with Intelligent Provisioning (embedded), HPE OneView
Standard (requires download).
Optional - HPE iLO7 Advanced, and HPE OneView Advanced.
Refer to the iLO 7 User Guide
Power supply type HPE M-CRPS 1300W Hot Plug AC RAF Power Supply or HPE 1000W M-CRPS -48VDC Hot
Plug Power Supply
Expansion slots 2, for detailed descriptions refer to the QuickSpecs
Network controller Wide range of speeds and form factors (PCIe and OCP3.0). Please see QuickSpecs for
network card choices.
System fan features 8 Hot-plug
Form factor 1U Rack
Warranty 3/3/3: Server Warranty includes three years of parts, three years of labor, and three
years of on-site support coverage. Additional information regarding worldwide limited
warranty and technical support is available
at:https://www.hpe.com/support/ProLiantServers-Warranties. Additional HPE support
and service coverage, to supplement the product warranty, is available at:
https://www.hpe.com/support.
HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12 | 3
Technical specifications HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12
Accelerators Up to (2) Half-Height Half-Length GPUs or up to (2) 100W In-Line Accelerators
[1] AI RAN performance per core gain vs previous generation. Intel [7ND34], February 2025.
[2] vRAN capacity increase vs previous generation. Intel [7ND21], January 2025.
HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12 | 4
HPE Services
No matter where you are in your transformation journey, you can count on HPE Services to deliver the expertise
you need when, where and how you need it. From strategy and planning to deployment, ongoing operations
and beyond, our experts can help you realize your digital ambitions.
Advisory & Professional services
Experts can help you map out your path to hybrid cloud and optimize your operations.
Managed services
HPE runs your IT operations, giving you unified control, so can focus on innovation.
Support services
Optimize your entire IT environment and drive innovation. Manage day-to-day IT operational tasks while freeing
up valuable time and resources.
-- HPE Complete Care Service: a modular service designed to help optimize your entire IT environment and
achieve agreed upon IT outcomes and business goals. All delivered by an assigned team of HPE experts.
-- HPE Tech Care Service: the operational service experience for HPE products. The service provides access to
product specific experts, an AI driven digital experience, and general technical guidance to help reduce risk
and search for ways to do things better.
-- HPE Multivendor Services: Single point of accountability for managing on-site hardware and software
support for multivendor products. HPE experts help manage your IT across technologies and platforms for
HPE and non-HPE technologies, acting as the single point of contact for your IT operational needs.
Lifecycle Services
Address your specific IT deployment project needs with tailored project management and deployment services.
HPE Education Services
Training and certification designed for IT and business professionals across all industries. Create learning paths
to expand proficiency in a specific subject. Schedule training in a way that works best for your business with
flexible continuous learning options
Defective Media Retention is optional and allows you to retain Disk or eligible SSD/Flash Drives replaced by
HPE due to malfunction.
HPE GreenLake
HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform is HPE's market-leading as-a-Service offering that brings the cloud
experience to apps and data everywhere - data centers, multi-clouds, and edges - with one unified operating
model, on premises, fully managed in a pay per use model.
If you are looking for more services, like IT financing solutions, please explore them here.
HPE ProLiant Compute DL110 Gen12 | 5
For additional technical information,
available models and options, please
reference the QuickSpecs
Chat now
© Copyright 2026 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP. The information
contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for
Hewlett Packard Enterprise products and services are set forth in the express
warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein
should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. Hewlett Packard
Enterprise shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions
contained herein.
Parts and Materials: HPE will provide HPE-supported replacement parts and
materials required to maintain the covered hardware.
Parts and components that have reached their maximum supported lifetime
and/or the maximum usage limitations as set forth in the manufacturer's
operating manual, product quick-specs, or the technical product data sheet will
not be provided, repaired, or replaced as part of these services.
Intel and Intel Xeon are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the
U.S. and/or other countries. NVIDIA is a trademark and/or registered trademark
of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All third-party marks are
property of their respective owners.
Image may differ from the actual product.
PSN1014921967DEEN, February, 2026.
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE
hpe.com
